so we've got a leading group of seven
with Georgia in it just playing it safe
for us socially we've got that we've got
we can't afford to sit back everybody
else who was a threat really is sitting
in this chasing group here and all our
girls apart from Amelia who had by
trouble is their chain snaps change
nothing
come on keep fighting to stay there
we'll have you back down okay yeah yeah
yeah lose me okay do you think I was me
Oh Kalinda you okay come on try to get
to them try to get some good girl
yoku is doing a real good job at the
moment she's at the pointy end of the
bike race and you know we're going into
a little bit of the unknown with her
really at 1k at the moment it's a good
situation we wanted to try to sort of
move her up and give her an opportunity
today to see what you could do and then
yeah I'm happy so far so good
good come on come on let's go
Thank You iris frost everyone heat great
form at the national championships and
took back the New Jersey and the road
race and the Tom trail so I mean you see
a good form but to see you're up there
mixing it with the absolute best farmers
in the world says phenomenal appreciate
those debates